ARIEL: "Hey Chris. Need a hand?"
CHRIS: "I'm alright. Just waiting for a titration to finish up before I bring this next match down to Noemi to hook up to the rats."
ARIEL: "Any luck on the Bluepill substitutes?"
CHRIS: "None. But maybe that's a good thing. If Noemi perfects Gazer before I perfect a cyanophazepam analog, that means we don't need any drugs in the first place."
CHRIS: "I'm glad you're here though. I did mean to ask you something..."
CHRIS: "Are you sure you want to be allied with Sumi Chey? What do you think of her?"
ARIEL: "She..."
ARIEL: "She's smart. I can see why people would think she's charming. But above all, she's smart. She's not here without a reason."
CHRIS: "She's dangerous, is what she is. I left my position at Aquila because I wanted to be known for something other than Bluepill. It's not public that I even work for Lucir."
CHRIS: "So how did she know me?"
ARIEL: "You don't think it was a coincidence?"
CHRIS: "No, you're right. I'm being paranoid. I shouldn't be biased against her just because she knew some basic biographical fact about me."
CHRIS: "But I don't feel comfortable here with her around. Do we really want to go public with a version of Gazer that still requires the patient to take Bluepill?"
ARIEL: "That's why we're working on a substitute."
CHRIS: "But if we don't find that substitute before the next version of Gazer is complete... You think a venture capitalist would care? We'd go to market with what worked, ethics be damned."
ARIEL: "Is Bluepill really unethical, though? It's been proven to be nonaddictive."
CHRIS: "Then explain Noemi. Or any of those other reports from China or Russia about people dreaming the streets. It might not be addictive, but..."
CHRIS: "The temptation to escape is just too high."
CHRIS: "If we ship with Bluepill still in the formula..."
CHRIS: "Sorry, Ariel, I'll probably quit."
ARIEL: "I'd hate to see you go."
CHRIS: "And I'd hate to leave you and Noemi here, but..."
CHRIS: "Ahh, just ignore me. I shouldn't be saying any of this to anyone."
ARIEL: "It's alright. I'm glad you trust me."
CHRIS: "You're too good to me. Go on back to being happy with Braulio that we're finally funded. I'll finish up my work here."