OWEN: "Oh. Tess. You're early."
TESS: "It's midnight. You lost track of time."
OWEN: "So I did."
OWEN: "But you could at least knock next time..."
TESS: "What did you want to talk about? You had a lead on Cecily?"
OWEN: "I don't want to get ahead of myself. Let's start with something normal first."
OWEN: "Did Cooper change anything up today?"
TESS: "Same questions as always."
OWEN: "Why is he only interested in your brainwaves? It doesn't make any sense."
TESS: "You always say it doesn't make sense."
OWEN: "Because it never has. Sure, Neural-9 is a neurodegenerative disease, but so are Parkinson's, Alzheimer's, and so on."
OWEN: "The dangerous part is the infection vector. Eye contact. How does that make any sense?"
OWEN: "Shouldn't they be studying that, and not what exactly is going on in our brains? Who cares about that. Just stop the spread."
OWEN: "I think Cooper and Gray and everyone else is lying about the eye thing."
TESS: "Why?"
OWEN: "It makes no phsyical sense -- that's the biggest reason. But partially because we have no ways to verify anything with the outside world."
OWEN: "That's a theory Cecily and I had. What symptom did Joey, Nadine, you, me, and her all had in common?"
TESS: "Couldn't remember the outside."
OWEN: "So Gray and the rest could lie to us, and as long as no one brings information from outside, we have no choice but to believe them."
OWEN: "N9 might not even be contagious. That could be a ruse to deny us any visitors. To deny us information."
TESS: "But what would the point of that be?"
TESS: "Besides, Lia remembers the outside. We can just ask her."
OWEN: "She does?"
OWEN: "..."
OWEN: "You don't find it strange that just when Cecily and I came up with this theory, she vanishes?"
OWEN: "And some new girl shows up in her place, with information specifically to disprove it?"
TESS: "I think you're paranoid."
OWEN: "Someone needs to be cautious around here. Since Cecily disappeared I feel like I have to be."
TESS: "I'd say you were nuts, but... we really can't figure out what happened to her."
OWEN: "We're old enough where if she died of N9, Gray would tell us. She doesn't care about our feelings."
OWEN: "Patient confidentiality is one thing, but what she left behind reads like a suicide note."
TESS: "Not really."
OWEN: "Okay, maybe not the note she left for you. But she was my best friend. She sounded like..."
OWEN: "She knew something bad was going to happen and there was no stopping it."
OWEN: "I don't care about the rest of the doctors' lies, but I am going to find Cecily. That's a line too far."
TESS: "I'm with you."
OWEN: "The 'lead' I found isn't really a lead. But I found this."
TESS: "A key?"
OWEN: "It opens the service stairwell from the common room."
TESS: "What do you want me to do with it? Sneak out?"
OWEN: "There's no way we could get past building security but we could probably reach another floor, a non-N9 one."
OWEN: "Anything to confirm we're not just goldfishes in a bowl for these people."
TESS: "Why me specifically?"
OWEN: "If you get caught, Cooper will pull strings and get you out of it. You're his favorite. You'll be fine."
OWEN: "And... it just sort of made sense. I think Cecily left things in your hands."
TESS: "I won't let you down."
OWEN: "You shouldn't care about me -- I don't matter. Do it for her."