ARIEL: "I think I have an idea of what happened last night. If I'm correct, all I should need to do is dream, but..."
ARIEL: "Do I have all the clues I need?"

ARIEL: "Then it's time to record my thoughts."
ARIEL: "If I'm right about this, then..."
ARIEL: "I was unwell yesterday. And for a long time before that. My brain started working in overdrive, just like..."

ARIEL: "...the poor rats. Either from Ward #9 all these years later, or the experimentation with Gazer, I was on a timer. I lost the ability to lucid dream and all those nightmares came back."
ARIEL: "And I tried to escape them. My ultimate fate that night..."

ARIEL: "...I died. I am dead. Indirectly from Bluepill, more directly by hurling myself out of the tower."
ARIEL: "I fell over thirty stories and died. Everyone probably considers it a suicide, and someone like Sumi would be able to cover up most of the bad press."
ARIEL: "But I'm still here. Or... I think I am. I know things only Ariel could know. I have the memories of Ariel."
ARIEL: "But I think it's more accurate to say, I have a fragmented memory of Ariel's last day alive. I only believe that to be my memory because of..."

ARIEL: "...oneirophrenia. Me, whoever I am, dosed myself so high and saw so many of Ariel's dreams, that I believed those dreams were real. And as I'd experienced ego death, I lost fashioned Ariel's identity into my own."
ARIEL: "Of course, I conveniently forgot that anything like that was possible. Chris could never tell me because of..."

ARIEL: "...the tampering software. Probably Braulio clumsily deleted every mention of oneirophrenia from Ariel's dreams so I wouldn't discover what really happened."
ARIEL: "That didn't work too well. I could tell something was missing."
ARIEL: "If I'm not Ariel, though... I can only think of one person who would try to save my dreams even after my death..."

ARIEL: "...Dr. Kowalski. I'm Dr. Christian Kowalski. Or at least my body is. He must've erased himself with Bluepill."
ARIEL: "He figured out that with Bluepill-induced oneirophrenia, high-quality dreams could be interpreted as memory."
ARIEL: "And he tried to tell me, even if Braulio erased those bits."
ARIEL: "It's clear from his dream diary that he was depressed and still felt guilty about his Bluepill discovery and its role in the trauma that Noemi and I experienced."
ARIEL: "He'd be willing to destroy his personality if it meant a chance for me to live on in some way."
ARIEL: "While Noemi's blindness prevented her from figuring it out. But why would Braulio and Sumi play along?"
ARIEL: "Braulio probably followed Sumi's lead. In fact, I think this whole thing might've been her idea."
ARIEL: "The real Sumi Chey is a very rich woman, and a very old woman. If she somehow got it into her head that she could reincarnate by pouring her memories into another body, the Sumi we know could actually be..."

ARIEL: "...Sara Andrianami. That's her real name. Sumi, or Sara, was no stranger to Bluepill dreams. She even said so to Braulio."
ARIEL: "There are plenty of unethical labs overseas experimenting with Bluepill. Even some here, like the one that ran the hospital with Noemi and me."
ARIEL: "At one of those underground labs, Sumi Chey must've tried to erase and overwrite Sara."
ARIEL: "It seems that didn't work properly, though. Part of Sara is still there, trying to fight back in her dreams, and might even be awake now, and very disturbed."
ARIEL: "If the overwriting was incomplete, of course the real Sumi would be looking for another lab to try it again, but more thoroughly. And so she found Lucir."
ARIEL: "This whole dream swap, overwriting Chris with me... It's a test run. Sumi wanted to know just how well the overwrite would work."
ARIEL: "And so, once again, I am a lab rat."

ARIEL: "The pieces fit. I'm done constructing my lucid dream of March 2nd. In this dream, I gather the evidence to support my theory from the rats, the files, the photo. All that remains is for me to wake up."
ARIEL: "...to wake up."
ARIEL: "I need to wake up."
