ARIEL: "Sumi, I'd like you to meet Dr. Christian Kowalski. He's a former professor of chemistry at Aquila University and a pioneer in organic synthesis. Lucir is lucky to have him."
CHRIS: "Pleased to meet you, Ms. Chey. Ariel always talks me up, but I'm not important here. I just look after the chemicals."
ARIEL: "He's working on a way to use Gazer without the need for Bluepill. And he's a talented dream author."
SUMI: "Ahh, Dr. Kowalski. The pleasure is mine."
CHRIS: "Just Chris is fine."
SUMI: "Ahaha, but Dr. Kowalski, you went through all that trouble to earn the degree, so it'd be disrespectful of me not to use the full title."
CHRIS: "Really - "
SUMI: "I've heard of you, you know, Dr. Kowalski. They say you were the first to synthesize Bluepill."
CHRIS: "I'm not particularly proud of that."
SUMI: "Too much pride is a bad thing, but too much humility isn't attractive either. Sometimes if you're working at a startup, you need a taste for blood. Wouldn't you agree, Dr. Kowalski?"
CHRIS: "I..."
SUMI: "Ahaha, I'm just joking. It really is a pleasure to meet you, Chris."
CHRIS: "You have an interesting sense of humor."
SUMI: "But really, I admire your work. Your area of research fascinates me. What makes you want to distance yourself from Bluepill?"
CHRIS: "My answer is a little complicated. But... You're aware that in most of the old Eastern Bloc countries, Bluepill still isn't a controlled substance?"
SUMI: "I might be aware. It seems to be becoming a popular street drug."
CHRIS: "A drug that introduces a dreamlike suggestability... The potential for abuse is high. I don't think any scientist would be too happy about that."
SUMI: "Maybe not. But an accomplishment is an accomplishment."
CHRIS: "I'm sorry if you've already gone over this with Braulio, but, what exactly is your interest in Lucir, Ms. Chey?"
CHRIS: "You seem very knowledgable about Bluepill, but we're trying to remove it from our product completely. We're not researching it. Bluepill and I are not important to the future of Gazer."
SUMI: "My interest is purely financial."
SUMI: "Lucir may be poised on the verge of a breakthrough, and there's a potential for a huge return on my investment, if what Braulio promises is the truth."
CHRIS: "Money, of course."
CHRIS: "Well don't let me hold up the tour, Ariel. I've got a lab I need to get back to."
SUMI: "Hope to see you around, Dr. Kowalski."
