ARIEL: "Noemi? It's Ariel. I'm coming in."
NOEMI: "Ariel! Can you check Ratilda?"
ARIEL: "She's, uh... Which one's Ratilda?"
NOEMI: "The one that isn't moving."
ARIEL: "Oh. I see. She's still breathing, and she looks okay."
NOEMI: "But she's so still..."
NOEMI: "Poor Ratilda. I wonder if this is because of Chris's new psychedelic, or... This... This is a dream isn't it?"
ARIEL: "No. I'm awake, anyway. Need me to slap you?"
NOEMI: "Please don't wake me up. The dream me is coding the new Gazer prototype right now. I'm working on face recognition."
ARIEL: "You're very hard to understand, you know. What's the me in your dream doing?"
NOEMI: "Hm hm... They're trying to slap me awake, but I don't wake up. Maybe you should try slapping Ratilda."
ARIEL: "I'm not slapping your rat, Noemi. You do that."
NOEMI: "Oh, um, Ariel, I meant to mention..."
NOEMI: "What did you really dream, earlier today? When you mirrored to me."
ARIEL: "It was the story from Sumi. There were the two goats, and the - "
NOEMI: "There was someone else there. A person. I didn't tell anyone else I saw them. I figured you didn't mean to put them there."
ARIEL: "I didn't see anyone."
NOEMI: "There was a person there. They... looked like you. That's why I knew you weren't trying to dream about them. You can never see your own face in a dream."
NOEMI: "But I saw you. Or someone who looked a lot like you, standing on top of that mountain."
ARIEL: "You must've confused my dream with your own."
NOEMI: "Ariel... I've relived hundreds of dreams, collages from Chris, lucid dreams from you, fragments from Braulio's prototype editor..."
NOEMI: "My perception is near perfect."
ARIEL: "And I've recorded how many lucid dreams now? You know me. I can't dream normally. I have to be in control, all the time. I don't slip. I do not make mistakes."
NOEMI: "A bug then, Gazer error. I'll find my bug."
NOEMI: "I can see the facial recognition code now. I'm refactoring. Maybe I'll find a bug in the next Gazer."
NOEMI: "But you should be careful. If you can't control your dreams..."
ARIEL: "Thanks for the warning, Noemi. And I'm glad you still had sense enough not to tell Sumi or Braulio that anything felt wrong."
ARIEL: "You should really wake up sometime, though. I worry about you. And I miss talking to you normally, when your consciousness isn't somewhere else hacking away at a computer."
NOEMI: "I miss you too, sometimes, Ariel. But then I replay one of your dreams from Gazer, and we talk for hours, just you and me, like when we were kids."
ARIEL: "I'm going to get back to work. I hope Ratilda shapes up."
NOEMI: "Thanks. Take care."
